>> Steve Kinney: There are other
things that we can play around with,
let's talk about kind of
another interesting one.
Again, this falls under
the social engineering piece.
And then we'll kind of pull
out to the if you need it,
here are some other options for you and
just some other high-level techniques
that we can kind of take a look at
that are kind of more like bonus laps.
And areas to explore but I think worth
calling out because they're important.
We started with things that you need to
think about every day and as we pull out,
we're talking about weird attack vectors.
And then finally,
we'll talk about things you probably
set up once in the very beginning.
Cuz if you don't set them up in
the very beginning, you will be sad and
need to do some maintenance later.
So, well, that's kinda the way
that we'll kinda bubble this up.
But we have,
>> Steve Kinney: Actually, I think,
yeah, yeah,
we're gonna check out this one called
support-chat, real quick,
which is another two.
>> Steve Kinney: So support chat
has some interesting features to it,
that's ahead, 4008 and, yeah.
Yeah, so if we look at just,
it's actually interesting doing this,
not in an incognito window,
is going to show you the attack,
because extensions are weird and
they play around.
But I think instead of moving
into an incognito window,
I'm going to choose to show you
the slightly nefarious version.
Let's do that another tab too,
which is local host I think.
>> Steve Kinney: These
injected object objects are actually
one of my browser extensions,
sending a post message in to the frame,
as well.
And so this is basically something from
the outside world is sending messages in.
This is super easy to fix,
cuz it's on both ends,
but we need to kind of take a look at it.
So, we look at the code in this case.
We've got,
>> Steve Kinney: It's
just an iframe that if we look at it by
itself, it's just a chat, it's great.
And even but fully loaded, it had
stuff being injected in there as well.
And if you look in the console,
it's from, I think,
my one password extension or whatever,
this is outside code in this case.
So we've got that, and
then let's see, this is in client.
>> Steve Kinney: So effectively,
in this case, we are saying, hey,
we've got this window event listener for
message, and
if a message comes in,
add it in there, right.
This is an easy fix,
which is that right now it is just
accepting messages that come in, right?
Which could be anything.
And so,
if I went to that malicious one again,
now they've iframed it in almost
in a compelling iframe, right?
I put a shadow on it, so
it looks totally real.
We could say support and,
>> Steve Kinney: I don't like you,
right?
And it sends the message into the window,
And this might be a situation
where we have a pop-up or
an iframe just in the chat from a segment
integration or something like that.
And the message comes in, and
we just blindly take it and
apply it to the DOM, right?
So, on the receiving end
this is easily fixed by
just checking and
kind of the way we felt about
just allow listing
what you will stand for.
So we can say, yeah, whatever the trusted
domain, I think in this case,
it's like 4108 and
the other one is coming from 4008.
And so now, if we try to do that,
and we say,
>> Steve Kinney: You can see,
nothing happens, right?
Cuz all these events that come
in have an origin, right?
And if you don't check the origin on
the way in for any of these messages,
like anyone can wrap you in an iframe and
trigger that.
Including what I did in a non incognito
window, like extensions, right?
That will pass it on in.
There is another side, which is,
what if the opposite is true?
What if you don't want someone
to put an iframe in you and
receive messages that you're sending,
right?
You're worried about what if they
swap out a very legit iframe for
something nefarious and now they're
receiving data and collecting it?
Cuz then they control the code,
it's almost the reverse of a CSRF,
where you're sending messages to
what you think is your iframe,
and they're collecting them all, right?
Again, incredibly easy to do in this case,
but
problematic if you don't, right?
Which is to give it an origin that
it is allowed to send messages to.
So in this case,
the frame has to be on that allow list.
And so we could say, in this case,
that should be the 4108.
And now it will send them in,
they won't go anywhere because
they're blocking it here.
But if I set this to a very different one,
let's just say,
like, 5555,
>> Steve Kinney: Right,
and we try to send something.
>> Steve Kinney: It will block it,
so again,
both sides can protect each other from
visibility and messages can actually work
with pop up windows like theoretically,
if it spawns it into a new tab.
There is effectively a link
between those two windows.